Introduction
------------

 The use of the term “sustainability” in the SASB Standards refers to
 corporate activities that maintain or enhance theability of the company to
 create value over the long term. A company determineswhich Standard(s) is
 relevant to the company, which disclosure topics are financially material
 to its business, and whichassociated metrics to report, taking relevant
 legal requirements into account1. Activity MetricsUNIT OFACTIVITY METRIC
 CATEGORY CODEMEASUREMetric tons (t)Production of (1) metal ores and (2)
 finished metal products Quantitative EM-MM-000.AsaleableNumber,Total number
 of employees, percentage contractors Quantitative EM-MM-000.BPercentage
 (%)SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 8
 

 Purpose of SASB Standards
 -------------------------

  The use of the term “sustainability” in the SASB Standards refers to
  corporate activities that maintain or enhance theability of the company to
  create value over the long term. Sustainability accounting reflects the
  governance andmanagement of a company’s environmental and social impacts
  arising from production of goods and services, as well asits governance and
  management of the environmental and social capitals necessary to create
  long-term value. Businesses can use the SASB Standards to better identify,
  manage, and communicate to investors sustainabilityinformation that is
  financially material.
  

 Overview of SASB Standards
 --------------------------

  The SASB Standards board has developed a set of 77 industry-specific
  sustainability accounting standards (“SASBStandards” or “industry
  standards”), categorized pursuant to the SASB Sustainable Industry
  Classification System®(SICS®). Accounting metrics – A set of quantitative
  and/or qualitative accounting metrics intended to measure performanceon
  each topic.3. Technical protocols – Each accounting metric is accompanied
  by a technical protocol that provides guidance ondefinitions, scope,
  implementation, compilation, and presentation, all of which are intended to
  constitute suitable criteriafor third-party assurance.4.
  

 Use of the Standards
 --------------------

  SASB Standards are intended for use in communications to investors
  regarding sustainability issues that are likely toimpact corporate ability
  to create value over the long term. A company determineswhich Standard(s)
  is relevant to the company, which disclosure topics are financially
  material to its business, and whichassociated metrics to report, taking
  relevant legal requirements into account1. However, companies with
  substantial business in multipleSICS® industries can consider reporting on
  these additional SASB Standards.
  

 Industry Description
 --------------------

  The Metals & Mining industry is involved in extracting metals and minerals,
  producing ores, quarrying stones, smeltingand manufacturing metals,
  refining metals, and providing mining support activities. It also produces
  iron ores, rare earthmetals, and precious metals and stones. SUSTAINABILITY
  ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 7UNIT OFTOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC
  CATEGORY CODEMEASUREApproach to development of EmergencyDiscussion
  andPreparedness and Response Plans (EPRPs) for  n/a EM-
  MM-540a.3Analysistailings storage facilitiesTable 2.
  



Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics
-----------------------------------------------------

 Topic SummaryMining operations are energy-intensive and generate
 significant direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, including carbondioxide
 from fuel use during mining, ore processing, and smelting activities.
 SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 37Topic
 SummaryMetals and mining companies face inherent tension between the need
 to lower the cost of labor to remain pricecompetitive, and to manage human
 resources to ensure long-term performance. SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING
 STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 382 The scope of disclosure includes work
 stoppage due to disputes between labor and management, including strikesand
 lockouts.3 The scope of disclosure excludes work stoppages due to other
 non-technical reasons that are disclosed according toEM-MM-210b.2.Note to
 EM-MM-310a.21 The entity shall describe the reason for each work stoppage
 (as stated by labor), and the impact on production, andany corrective
 actions taken as a result.
 

 Greenhouse Gas Emissions
 ------------------------

  Topic SummaryMining operations are energy-intensive and generate
  significant direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, including carbondioxide
  from fuel use during mining, ore processing, and smelting activities. Such
  efficiencies can mitigate the potential financial impact of increased fuel
  costs from regulations thatseek to limit—or put a price on—GHG emissions.
  SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 12
  

 Air Quality
 -----------

  Topic SummaryNon-greenhouse gas (GHG) air emissions from the Metals &
  Mining industry include hazardous air pollutants, criteria airpollutants,
  and Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) from smelting and refining
  activities. Depending on the metal, uncaptured sulfur dioxide, lead,
  mercury,cadmium, and arsenic are among the chief pollutants, along with
  particulate matter. Activemanagement of the issue—through technological and
  process improvements—could allow companies to limit theimpacts of
  increasingly stringent air quality regulations globally.
  

 Energy Management
 -----------------

  Topic SummaryMining and metals production is often energy-intensive, with a
  significant proportion of energy consumption in theindustry accounted for
  by purchased electricity. The energy intensity ofoperations may increase
  with decreasing grades of deposits and increasing depth and scale of mining
  operations. The way in which a company manages its overall energy
  efficiencyand intensity, its reliance on different types of energy, and its
  ability to access alternative sources of energy, can thereforebe a material
  factor.
  

 Water Management
 ----------------

  Topic SummaryMining and metals production can impact both the availability
  and the quality of local water resources. (1) Total fresh water withdrawn,
  (2) total fresh water consumed,percentage of each in regions with High or
  Extremely High Baseline Water Stress1 The entity shall disclose the amount
  of water, in thousands of cubic meters, that was withdrawn from
  freshwatersources:1.1 Fresh water may be defined according to the local
  statutes and regulations where the entity operates. SUSTAINABILITY
  ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 18
  

 Waste & Hazardous Materials Management
 --------------------------------------

  Topic SummaryThe Metals & Mining industry generates large volumes of non-
  mineral and mineral waste, including waste rock, tailings,slurries, slags,
  sludges, smelting, and industrial wastes, some of which may contain
  substances that are toxic, hazardous,or chemically reactive. Total weight
  of hazardous waste generated1 The entity shall disclose the total weight,
  in metric tons, of waste it generated that was hazardous.1.1 Hazardous
  wastes are defined per the legal or regulatory framework(s) applicable
  within the jurisdiction(s)where the waste is generated.1.1.1 The entity may
  use definitions from the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)
  BaselConvention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous
  Wastes and Their Disposal,1989.EM-MM-150a.8. SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING
  STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 21EM-MM-150a.10.
  

 Biodiversity Impacts
 --------------------

  Topic SummaryThe development, operation, closure, and remediation of mines
  can have a range of impacts on biodiversity, such asalterations of
  landscape, vegetation removal, and impacts to wildlife habitats.
  Theenvironmental characteristics of the land where reserves are located
  could increase extraction costs due to increasinginterest in the protection
  of ecosystems. a non-governmental organization), a governmental agency, or
  some combination of these groups.
  

 Security, Human Rights & Rights of Indigenous Peoples
 -----------------------------------------------------

  Topic SummaryMetals and mining companies face additional community-related
  risks when operating in conflict zones and in areas withweak or absent
  governance institutions, rule of law, and legislation to protect human
  rights. 1691.2 Use of free, prior, and informed consent (or consultation)
  processes1.3 The establishment of project grievance mechanisms1.4 The
  establishment of formal community agreements2 The entity shall describe its
  due diligence practices and procedures with respect to human rights,
  including:2.1 Upholding the fundamental ILO conventions on freedom of
  association (No. SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 33
  

 Community Relations
 -------------------

  Topic SummaryMining facilities are frequently active over long periods of
  time, and companies may be involved in multiple projects in aregion that
  can have a wide range of community impacts. Metals and mining companies
  that are perceived asengaging in rent-seeking and exploiting a country or
  community’s resources without providing any socio-economicbenefits in
  return may be exposed to the risk of actions, motivated by resource
  nationalism, and by host governments andcommunities. SUSTAINABILITY
  ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 36EM-MM-210b.2.
  

 Labor Relations
 ---------------

  Topic SummaryMetals and mining companies face inherent tension between the
  need to lower the cost of labor to remain pricecompetitive, and to manage
  human resources to ensure long-term performance. At the same time, positive
  outcomes of effective labor engagement can includeenhanced work practices,
  labor utilization, as well as the reduction in safety incidents, accidents,
  or fatalities. SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 382
  The scope of disclosure includes work stoppage due to disputes between
  labor and management, including strikesand lockouts.3 The scope of
  disclosure excludes work stoppages due to other non-technical reasons that
  are disclosed according toEM-MM-210b.2.Note to EM-MM-310a.21 The entity
  shall describe the reason for each work stoppage (as stated by labor), and
  the impact on production, andany corrective actions taken as a result.
  

 Workforce Health & Safety
 -------------------------

  Topic SummarySafety is critical to mining operations due to the often
  hazardous working conditions. Fatalities or injuries can result from a
  number of hazardsassociated with the industry, including powered haulage
  and machinery as well as mine integrity. SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARD
  | METALS & MINING | 41
  

 Business Ethics & Transparency
 ------------------------------

  Topic SummaryManaging business ethics and maintaining an appropriate level
  of transparency in payments to governments orindividuals are significant
  issues for the mining industry. The emergence of severalanti-corruption,
  anti-bribery, and payments-transparency laws and initiatives create
  regulatory mechanisms to reducecertain risks. SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING
  STANDARD | METALS & MINING | 43
  

 Tailings Storage Facilities Management
 --------------------------------------

  Topic SummaryThe Metals & Mining industry faces significant operational
  hazards, particularly those associated with the structuralintegrity of
  tailings storage facilities (TSFs). Robust processes andapproaches to TSF
  design, management, operation, and closure, as well as appropriate
  management of associated risks,can help prevent such incidents from
  occurring. ”3 The entity should disclose this inventory in the following
  table format:(i) Date(f)(g)  of mostMaximu (h)  (k)(c)  (d)  (e)  Current
  recent(a)  (b)  m  Conseq (j)  Mitigati (l) Site-Owners Operati Constru
  amount indepenFacility  Locatio permitt uence  Material on  specifichip
  onal  ction  of  dentname  n  ed  classific findings measur EPRPstatus
  status method tailings  technicstorage  ation esstored alcapacityreviewEM-
  MM-540a.2.
  



